pwned on options validation (#917)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/api/supervisor/endpoints.md

<ApiEndpoint path="/addons/<addon>/options/validate" method="post">
Run a configuration validation against the current stored add-on configuration.
  
**Returned data:**

| key              | type        | description                      |
| ---------------- | ----------- | -------------------------------- |
| message          | string      | Include the error message        |

> | valid            | boll        | If config is valid or not        |
> | pwned            | bool | None | True or false if include pwned secrets. On error it's None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| valid            | boolean        | If config is valid or not        |
| pwned            | boolean | None | True or false if include pwned secrets. On error it's None |
```
